[TT-8366] Update installation docs for the enterprise portal (#2508)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-self-managed/tyk-helm-chart.md

## Other Tyk Components

### Installing Tyk Enterprise Developer Portal

> If you are deploying the **Tyk Enterprise Developer Portal**, set the appropriate values under the `enterprisePortal` section in your `values.yaml`. Please visit [Tyk Enterprise Developer Portal installation]({{< ref "/content/tyk-stack/tyk-developer-portal/enterprise-developer-portal/install-tyk-enterprise-portal/launching-portal/launching-portal-using-helm.md" >}}) for a step by step guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are deploying the **Tyk Enterprise Developer Portal**, set the appropriate values under the `enterprisePortal` section in your `values.yaml`. Please visit [Tyk Enterprise Developer Portal installation]({{< ref "tyk-stack/tyk-developer-portal/enterprise-developer-portal/install-tyk-enterprise-portal/launching-portal/launching-portal-using-helm#launch-the-tyk-enterprise-developer-portal-using-helm" >}}) for a step by step guide.
```
